---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "quicknode_gateways Data Source - quicknode"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# quicknode_gateways (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `gateways` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gateways))

<a id="nestedatt--gateways"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gateways`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The date and time the destination was created.
- `domain` (String) The domain associated with the gateway.
- `enabled` (Boolean) A boolean value that indicates whether the specified gateway is enabled or not.
							If set to true, it means the gateway is currently enabled and operational.
							If set to false, it means the gateway is disabled and not functioning
- `id` (String) An integer that represents the unique identifier of a specified gateway.
- `name` (String) A string that specifies the name of the specified gateway. It is a human-readable identifier for the gateway.
- `private` (Boolean) A boolean value that indicates whether the specified gateway is private or not.
							If set to true, the gateway is private and not publicly accessible.
							If set to false, the gateway is public and can be accessed by authorized users isEnabled.
- `status` (String) The status of the gateway.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time the destination was last updated.
- `uuid` (String) A string that represents the universally unique identifier (UUID) of the new dedicated gateway.
							UUIDs are used to identify resources uniquely.
