---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "quicknode_notifications Data Source - quicknode"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# quicknode_notifications (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `notifications` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notifications))

<a id="nestedatt--notifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notifications`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the notification is enabled.
- `expression` (String) The expression for the notification.
- `name` (String) The name of the notification.
- `network` (String) The webhook URL to which QuickAlerts will send alert payloads.

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The date and time the destination was created.
- `destinations` (Attributes List) The destinations for the notification returned as arrays. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--notifications--destinations))
- `id` (String) The notification ID.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time the destination was last updated.

<a id="nestedatt--notifications--destinations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `notifications.destinations`

Read-Only:

- `created_at` (String) The date and time the destination was created.
- `id` (String) The destination ID.
- `name` (String) User supplied name given to the destination.
- `payload_type` (Number) The type of payload to send. ENUM: 1,2,3,4,5,6,7
- `service` (String) The destination service. Currently only "webhook" is supported.
- `to` (String) The webhook URL to which QuickAlerts will send alert payloads.
- `token` (String) The token for this destination. This is used to optionally verify a QuickAlerts payload.
- `updated_at` (String) The date and time the destination was last updated.
- `webhook_type` (String) The type of destination. ENUM: 'POST', 'GET'
